# Reyes Center of Mechanized Engagement // 01.13.5016u
**UND** finally sent over a team of rookie pilots they're calling the **Alpha Test Group**. It's not much to go on, but **UNI** will welcome them with open arms all the same.
The **Union Battlefield Recognition Guide** has already seen positive results in preliminary tests on **LUNA**, so I'm hopeful for those results to be replicated here in a higher-grav environment. Before we get there though, we'll need to see what they're made of...
---
# After Action Report
### FIELD EXERCISE - RUSHING CURRENT (FTX-RC) OVERVIEW
**GOALS:** 
Accomplished.
**ALLIED CASUALTIES:** 
None.
**ENEMY CASUALTIES:** 
Insurrectionist forces holding the dam.
  - Equipment was rusted and in poor condition overall.
  - Of note, 1 Bastion-pattern mech named KĘSTUTIS and 1 Priest-pattern mech named BIRUTĖ. Significance unknown.
Assumed mercenary advance team. Affiliation unknown.
  - Unexpected threat showed up in force mid-combat.
  - Equipment was modern and well-maintained.
  - Of note, 1 Breacher-pattern mech named HEAVENSENT. Significance unknown.
**STRENGTHS:**
Team largely displayed coordination and tactical acumen expected of **UND** Lancers. They have a bright future ahead of them.
1. Excellent use of utilities to cover the approach vector, noting an unfavorable environment upon enemy contact.
2. Good execution of combined arms tactics when faced with a superior enemy.
3. Leadership well-maintained and communicated throughout the conflict. Pilots were focused on singular goals as a team.
4. Pilots displayed expected levels of empathy consistent with DoJ/HR standards for human-level combatants on the battlefield.
**AREAS OF IMPROVEMENT/CORRECTIVE ACTION:**
1. Team was stalled on KĘSTUTIS for a longer-than-expected amount of time (64% longer than battlefield projections).
  - Electronic warfare modules utilized in greater number are projected to dislodge the defender 33% faster than focused fire alone (the method taken in practice).
  - Invasive code injection likely would have made the opponent more vulnerable to incoming fire, or could have dislodged them entirely.