# FIELD EXERCISE - RUSHING CURRENT (FTX-RC) After Action Report

**GOALS:** 
Accomplished.

**ALLIED CASUALTIES:** 
None.

**ENEMY CASUALTIES:** 

Insurrectionist forces holding the dam.
  - Equipment was rusted and in poor condition overall.
  - Of note, 1 Bastion-pattern mech named **KĘSTUTIS** and 1 Priest-pattern mech named **BIRUTĖ**. Significance unknown.

Assumed mercenary advance team. Affiliation unknown.
  - Unexpected threat showed up in force mid-combat.
  - Equipment was modern and well-maintained.
  - Of note, 1 Breacher-pattern mech named **HEAVENSENT**. Significance unknown.

**STRENGTHS:**
Team largely displayed coordination and tactical acumen expected of **UND** Lancers. They have a bright future ahead of them.
1. Excellent use of utilities to cover the approach vector, noting an unfavorable environment upon enemy contact.
2. Good execution of combined arms tactics when faced with a superior enemy.
3. Leadership well-maintained and communicated throughout the conflict. Pilots were focused on singular goals as a team.
4. Pilots displayed expected levels of empathy consistent with **DoJ/HR** standards for human-level combatants on the battlefield.

**AREAS OF IMPROVEMENT/CORRECTIVE ACTION:**
1. Team was stalled on **KĘSTUTIS** for a longer-than-expected amount of time (64% longer than battlefield projections).
  - Electronic warfare modules utilized in greater number are projected to dislodge the defender 33% faster than focused fire alone (the method taken in practice).
  - Invasive code injection likely would have made the opponent more vulnerable to incoming fire, or could have dislodged them entirely.

**I'M JUST GONNA SQUEEZE IN HERE...**
Hello **Alpha Test Group**, this is **Researcher Singh** from outside the **VR pods**. You may have noticed during the simulation, but something seems to be wrong with our structural damage evaluator. That and your mines also appear to be working improperly, remaining inactive even when enemies entered the vicinity (albeit unwillingly). Me and the techs are working to resolve these issues before the real test begins, so don't worry.